Added Jersey and Guernsey (#3371)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/teach-in-england-if-you-trained-overseas.md

    A day in the life of a teacher in England : "/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-teacher"
promo_content:
navigation: 20.20

> navigation_title: Teach in England as a non-UK qualified teacher

Reviewer: Why are we changing the nav? Might this be better as part of a wider piece of work?

Author: I think the new version is clearer – do you not agree?

### How to apply for QTS

> If you have a teaching qualification from the following countries and regions, you can now access a new service, called [Apply for qualified teacher status in England](https://apply-for-qts-in-england.education.gov.uk/eligibility/start), to check if you meet the requirements for QTS and apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a teaching qualification from the following countries and regions, you can [check if you meet the requirements for QTS and apply](https://apply-for-qts-in-england.education.gov.uk/eligibility/start):
```

> If you have a teaching qualification from the following countries and regions, you can now access a new service, called [Apply for qualified teacher status in England](https://apply-for-qts-in-england.education.gov.uk/eligibility/start), to check if you meet the requirements for QTS and apply:

Reviewer: Would it be better to have the list of countries before the cta?

```suggestion
If you have a teaching qualification from:

* Australia
* Canada
* the EEA
* Guernsey
* Gibraltar
* Hong Kong
* Jersey
* New Zealand
* Northern Ireland
* Scotland
* Switzerland
* Ukraine
* the USA

you can [check if you meet the requirements for QTS and apply](https://apply-for-qts-in-england.education.gov.uk/eligibility/start).
```

Author: Um, I'm not sure it is, because you don't know why you're scanning the list of countries for your country without the CTA at the top?

Reviewer: But you could click on the link before you've even seen the list of countries, no?
